so all the work that Solomon had done
so all the work that Solomon had done for the house of the Lord was finished
for the house of the Lord was finished
for the house of the Lord was finished and Solomon brought in the things which
and Solomon brought in the things which
and Solomon brought in the things which his father David had dedicated the
his father David had dedicated the
his father David had dedicated the silver and the gold and all the
silver and the gold and all the
silver and the gold and all the furnishings and he put them in the
furnishings and he put them in the
furnishings and he put them in the Treasuries of the house of God
Treasuries of the house of God
Treasuries of the house of God now Solomon assembled the elders of
now Solomon assembled the elders of
now Solomon assembled the elders of Israel and all the heads of the tribes
Israel and all the heads of the tribes
Israel and all the heads of the tribes the chief fathers of the children of
the chief fathers of the children of
the chief fathers of the children of Israel in Jerusalem that they might
Israel in Jerusalem that they might
Israel in Jerusalem that they might bring the Ark of the Covenant of the
bring the Ark of the Covenant of the
bring the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord up from the City of David which is
Lord up from the City of David which is
Lord up from the City of David which is Zion therefore all the men of Israel
Zion therefore all the men of Israel
Zion therefore all the men of Israel assembled with the King at the feast
assembled with the King at the feast
assembled with the King at the feast which was in the seventh month so all
which was in the seventh month so all
which was in the seventh month so all the elders of Israel came and the
the elders of Israel came and the
the elders of Israel came and the Levites took up the ark and they brought
Levites took up the ark and they brought
Levites took up the ark and they brought up the ark the tabernacle of meeting and
up the ark the tabernacle of meeting and
up the ark the tabernacle of meeting and all the holy furnishings that were in
all the holy furnishings that were in
all the holy furnishings that were in the tabernacle the priests and the
the tabernacle the priests and the
the tabernacle the priests and the Levites brought them up also King
Levites brought them up also King
Levites brought them up also King Solomon and all the congregation of
Solomon and all the congregation of
Solomon and all the congregation of Israel who were assembled with him
Israel who were assembled with him
Israel who were assembled with him before the ark were sacrificing sheep
before the ark were sacrificing sheep
before the ark were sacrificing sheep and oxen that could not be counted or
and oxen that could not be counted or
and oxen that could not be counted or numbered for multitude then the priests
numbered for multitude then the priests
numbered for multitude then the priests brought in the Ark of the Covenant of
brought in the Ark of the Covenant of
brought in the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to its place into the inner
the Lord to its place into the inner
the Lord to its place into the inner sanctuary of the temple to the most holy
sanctuary of the temple to the most holy
sanctuary of the temple to the most holy place under the wings of the cherubim
place under the wings of the cherubim
place under the wings of the cherubim for the cherubim spread their wings over
for the cherubim spread their wings over
for the cherubim spread their wings over the place of the Ark and the cherubim
the place of the Ark and the cherubim
the place of the Ark and the cherubim overshadowed the Ark and its poles the
overshadowed the Ark and its poles the
overshadowed the Ark and its poles the poles extended so that the ends of the
poles extended so that the ends of the
poles extended so that the ends of the poles of the ark could be seen from the
poles of the ark could be seen from the
poles of the ark could be seen from the holy place in front of the inner
holy place in front of the inner
holy place in front of the inner sanctuary but they could not be seen
sanctuary but they could not be seen
sanctuary but they could not be seen from outside and they are there to this
from outside and they are there to this
from outside and they are there to this day
day
day nothing was in the ark except the two
nothing was in the ark except the two
nothing was in the ark except the two tablets which Moses put there at Horeb
tablets which Moses put there at Horeb
tablets which Moses put there at Horeb when the Lord made a covenant with the
when the Lord made a covenant with the
when the Lord made a covenant with the children of Israel when they had come
children of Israel when they had come
children of Israel when they had come out of Egypt and it came to pass when
out of Egypt and it came to pass when
out of Egypt and it came to pass when the priests came out of the most holy
the priests came out of the most holy
the priests came out of the most holy place for all the priests who were
place for all the priests who were
place for all the priests who were present had sanctified themselves
present had sanctified themselves
present had sanctified themselves without keeping to their divisions and
without keeping to their divisions and
without keeping to their divisions and that Levites whoever singers all those
that Levites whoever singers all those
that Levites whoever singers all those of Asaph and Hema and juju 'then with
of Asaph and Hema and juju 'then with
of Asaph and Hema and juju 'then with their sons and their brethren stood at
their sons and their brethren stood at
their sons and their brethren stood at the east end of the altar clothed in
the east end of the altar clothed in
the east end of the altar clothed in white linen having cymbals stringed
white linen having cymbals stringed
white linen having cymbals stringed instruments and harps and with them 120
instruments and harps and with them 120
instruments and harps and with them 120 priests sounding with trumpets indeed it
priests sounding with trumpets indeed it
priests sounding with trumpets indeed it came to pass when the trumpeters and
came to pass when the trumpeters and
came to pass when the trumpeters and singers were as one to make one sound to
singers were as one to make one sound to
singers were as one to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the
be heard in praising and thanking the
be heard in praising and thanking the Lord and when they lifted up their voice
Lord and when they lifted up their voice
Lord and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and
with the trumpets and cymbals and
with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of music and praise the Lord
instruments of music and praise the Lord
instruments of music and praise the Lord for he is good for his mercy endures
for he is good for his mercy endures
for he is good for his mercy endures forever in the house house of the Lord
forever in the house house of the Lord
forever in the house house of the Lord was filled with a cloud so that the
was filled with a cloud so that the
was filled with a cloud so that the priests could not continue ministry
priests could not continue ministry
priests could not continue ministry because of the clan for the glory of the
because of the clan for the glory of the
because of the clan for the glory of the Lord filled the house of God
Lord filled the house of God
Lord filled the house of God [Music]